Added the Config Safe guide (#54)
hazelcast/clc-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/config-safe.adoc

= Securing Cluster Configuration Using the Config Safe

:description: This guide shows you how to store cluster configuration in encrypted storage.

{description}

== Introduction

> By default, cluster configuration is stored as plain text YAML files in the `$CLC_HOME/configs` directory. This provides convenient access, but sensitive data such as user credentials and SSL key passwords should be stored more securely. CLC's *Config Safe* provides encrypted storage for cluster configuration that includes sensitive data.

Author: Would it be possible to make it read so that the Config Safe is more of an option rather than a rule to store credentials?

> The Config Safe is an encrypted directory at `$CLC_HOME/configsafe-v1`. It is secured with AES-128 (16 bytes binary, or 32 bytes string key). Configuration in the Config Safe is separate from the default configuration, so it is possible to have different configuration objects with the same name in each directory. You can only access the Config Safe by adding the `--safe` flag to CLC commands and providing the encryption key.

Author: The meaning of the default configuration is a bit different in CLC.
The user is able to name a configuration `default` and in that case it would be used if a configuration name is not specified with `-c/--config` flags.

Would it make sense to have something along the lines of "regular" configuration store instead of default configuration?

> so it is possible to have different configuration objects with the same name in each directory

IMO it would be better not to mention "directory" here, since that's an implementation detail.
Would it make sense to change it to something like:

> Configuration in the Config Safe is separate from the regular configuration store, so it is possible to have different configuration objects with the same name between them.

    OK Created the configuration.
----

CLC generates a random, cryptographically secure key and encrypts the Config Safe with that key using AES-128. Whenever CLC needs to access the Config Safe, it will prompt you to enter the encryption key. It is crucial to store the key securely so you can access the stored cluster configuration later.

WARNING: Do not share the encryption key or allow it to be leaked. Anyone who has access to the key can access the secrets stored in the Config Safe.

== Using the Config Safe

Once the Config Safe is created, you can add further configuration to the Config Safe by appending the `--safe` flag to CLC commands. You must also include the `--safe` flag to access configuration that is already in the Config Safe. Otherwise, CLC will attempt to access the default configuration store instead.

For example, set a value in the `default` IMap in the `dev` configuration:

[source,bash]
----
clc -c dev map set key1 value1 --safe
----

CLC responds by asking for an encryption key:

[source,output]
----
  Encryption Key : ********************************
----

> Once you enter the encryption key, CLC is able to access the Config Safe, update the cluster configuration, and return the result:

Author: Maybe something like?

```suggestion
Once you enter the encryption key, CLC is able to access the Config Safe, use the cluster configuration to connect to the cluster, and return the result of the Map set operation:
```

    OK Returned 1 row(s).
----

== Persisting the Encryption Key

> CLC asks for the encryption key each time you execute a `--safe` command in non-interactive mode. To avoid this, you can use the CLC in interactive mode or scripting mode.

Author: "Persisting the Encryption Key" sounds a bit like CLC is writing it on disk.
Would it make sense to have something along the lines of "CLC remembers the encryption key in a session?"
